nuki s pac-12 pilot model has now been
equipped with working flexible pipe
joints just like the real thing this is
a quick little demonstration that you'll
be able to see where those particular
pipes actually work the working pipe
joints are just below the hose that
bends up and and connects the two
engines there as we move those engines
from side to side you can actually see
the mechanical pipe joints flex back and
forth so that the two pipes that are
connected that way remain connected as
the engine is going around on the curves
so it's fully functional you take it
apart with a single one millimeter hex
head screw that simply screws out where
I'm pointing
and then the whole thing will drop down
that way you can take the two engines
apart if you need to this is the same
assembly from a slightly different angle
so that you can gain some appreciation
for it notice the pipe that's behind the
front one that moves the same way as the
front one there are flexible hoses
connecting other pipes there as well
this is the type of connection that the
sp used on these big ACS on the right
side of the engine is another of those
three rotating joint flexible pipe
assemblies where you can see it moving
now it's perhaps a little easier to see
how they work on this side of the engine
because there's only one of them and not
quite as many overlapping pipes that you
can see as I swing the rear engine from
side to side now that allows the pipes
to flex and maintain their continuity
there are three rotating joints in these
assemblies this is one of the joints and
it's got two axles at right angles to
each other one vertical and one
horizontal going in towards the wheel
this one has one going towards the wheel
and then this one that butts in to the
end of the pipe this way those both
rotate as you can see and then there's
another rotating joint right up here
under the lubricator that allows for
further motion you can see it rotating
at the same time again it comes apart by
simply removing one mill one millimeter
screw right there this is another view
of that same joint on the right side of
the engine from a different angle
so you can get a better idea by
combining the various views of exactly
how they work and these joints will be
done that way on the production model
finally we'll take a view from above the
engine looking down on that joint as it
moves so you can see just how much
motion there is in those joints that
allows the engine to go around a 72 inch
or perhaps even a lesser radius than
that